# empty-project-template

A starting point for a C++ project. Simply place a copy of premake5.exe in the "/premake/" subdirectory (or just add premake to your system path) and make use of the provided batch files!

To utilize the custom premake configuration script, be sure to run premake with the "configure" command (or use the provided batch file). This will create a file "config.json" which will be used when the actual build/make command is issued with premake.

The project which is generated can utilize automated testing (through [bUnitTests](https://github.com/sherwoodben/bUnitTests)) as well as autoversioning based on git tags (of the form `MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`). To update the generated "autoversion.h" file to reflect a new tag, be sure to regenerate the solution/project (the file is populated during the solution/project generation process).

The "clean" option has also been implemented in the provided "premake5.lua" file; it will delete any of the files generated by Visual Studio in the "/premake/" directory as well as any (top level) "/build/" directory (i.e. build directories in other subdirectories such as "vendors/XYZ/build/" are NOT removed). It will NOT remove the "config.json" file _or_ the "autoversion.h" file, if they have been generated already. Files generated when building examples may or may not be removed, depending on how you handle example projects.

Example projects can also be built, which might be useful if the "main project" is a library! Example projects make use of the "/examples/premake/premake5.lua" file which is left empty to allow for maximum flexibility in how example projects can be handled.

## known issues

The "configuration script" isn't 100% foolproof. It might be required to do some manual editing of the "premake5.lua" file in certain circumstances. The "config.json" file may be easier to edit by hand as well, once the expected inputs are understood.

Better documentation for the setup/configuration of a project using this template is expected to be provided eventually. However, the ideas presented in this README and the comments in the "premake5.lua" file *should* be enough to provide a user with what they need to know to hack something together.

